and beauty people talk and today we go here
with far cry 3 in the developed game
by ong soft montreal
I can not play this game, that's all.
keep looking at this game 's chart
This is very beautiful goal, it 's very beautiful.
Look at this, I can handle it.
here in the resolution is in the maximum graphic
in the ultra is that you should look from
before
here you can see everything in another
overweight here is not because it is
on the limit and ohio will not go either
Being on the edge I found the graph a lot
Super cute top is super top
much higher than the two funds can see
it is cuter than crysis 2 2 2
For me it was the total but it does not stop being
true to my opinion is not i found
Nice to his system but I think he
a not very good chart he is
if you boot direct x 11 with everything on
maximum this collective stopped looking
hence
good contact that calls you work
is that game play is here for you to
show more graphic the game system
the gameplay is very good this does not
I can complain
You get to make a medicine.
the story tells
I understand that you are a group of until
a group of friends you this to your two
brothers with four more friends will pass
the holiday of 16 holidays I think it is in a
place with him to say that
plus there is infested with the piradas
already has a war between the
natives and the pirates there you enter the
half face you find the device count
that I had done go from the evil face of evil
our old system
How bad is the normal done is the guy
is faithful
the bad boy who educate from far cry 3 was
cool it there
he tite gave you 30 seconds to get away
he told you if nature in the case
island forest will not kill you ultimatum
so you 're being pursued by him
and by his side it was game time
absurd fell into a vain witness now
presents now 111 my place theme
you can see this game he too
Sierra is a little bit below you
There are already two cars there, I
have proposed to throw a stone where
will get their attention by it
the less the closer the place is
next I already went to investigate channel 10
2 on the basis of it, do you think I participate
attacks the duck boy near the area has been
prisoner's house at the prisoner's house
if I make a bush I have a little
the chance will be noticed
I'll do it here on the track.
in each
and this boy
he will get
he will draw attention to the stone
now it 's a little more for her beauty
talent in order
Now, who else for me has verified that
people behind have not gotten close to it
I 'm not going to take his gun because the
His mother I played in evolving my
gun that I want to put the
accessories of my sister and my pistol
and a fracture has no ball
I'm going to play a gameplay now, but more
are
Ricardo is a guy on my side and
take it again from the attack of
new is from ale shock
dude I funny that this game was
that she can be at her mother's house for
here remembering that the hardcore owner but
when he does not eat again
I'll kill this guy here later.
Of a football, what do you say, guys?
we got the last face again and
body of a dog that wants to kill himself
He soon kills me, dog. I do not know.
It was you, look at me, guys.
I hope you liked it and it's cue
I like your favorite little jewel
register will help disseminate the
channel is
It's very beautiful is the strong hug and spoke